I want to come to an end in this module which is really a complex module. You learned a lot about service
workers and caching with service workers,
finally what if you actually want to get rid of a service worker?
I only showed you how to register one, didn't I?
Well getting rid of it is simple too.
Let's say you want to get rid of a service worker whenever you click that plus icon in your app here,
this icon here. Right now
we open our pop-up there.
Now of course getting rid of a service worker there might not make that much sense but it is a nice
way to trigger that from code,
so I'll do it
there. The place to do it therefore is the click listener here, open create post modal where we already
try to open this app install banner.
Now besides doing that, after this if block,
I'll also unregister the service worker. You can do this easily by accessing it,
first of all you should check if the service worker exists in your navigator, otherwise you try to access
something which isn't there. Then you can call navigator service worker, get registrations to get all
active registrations,
this will actually be a promise which resolves after a while and gives you all the registrations and
then you can loop through them. So you can create a loop for var equals zero or i equals zero,
i smaller than registrations length, increment i and then unregister them step-by-step inside of the for
loop.
So simply say registrations i to get the registration for the given loop iteration, unregister,
that's all, this will unregister the service worker. Since we change the feed.js
file, I'll go to the service worker and bump up the static version,
so that we fetch the latest version of that file,
then I'll reload the application here
and again having internet is a good idea for that, reload this and close that, open a new tab.
Now with that, we simply reinstall the service worker and in application, we see here it is.
Now let me click that plus here and you see it immediately switched to deleted.
Now it's still running here,
so if I turn this offline, it's gone though because it was running until I reloaded the page.
Now it's gone,
we have no more service worker here.
If I reload, we install a new one
and of course we can delete that too.
So that is simply how this works,
how this works with the service worker and how we can get rid of it.
One important implication of getting rid of it is that as soon as you do so and you visit the page again
and you don't get a new one,
so I turn offline to ensure this, the cache is also gone,
it's cleared for you
so you don't have to take care about that.
So this is how you can unregister a service worker if you ever need to do that,
I will comment this code out here because I don't really want to unregister it here in my application
on a plus click but I found it important to share this as well.
And with that, you got the full bandwidth of service worker power, you know a lot about what you can do
with it and especially of course how you can use it for caching.
You are a true caching master now,
please keep on practicing it
and with that, I'm very happy to continue with the course and dive deeper into more features progressive
web apps offer or can use.